Update README.md with table of tutorials (#54)
groq/groq-api-cookbook: README.md

If you're interested in contributing to our cookbook, please first check out our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/groq/groq-api-cookbook/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). We welcome high-quality guides and examples that will help our community and can't wait to see what you cook up! 🧑‍🍳

If there are guides or examples that you'd like to see in the future, feel free to make a suggestion [here](https://github.com/groq/groq-api-cookbook/issues).

## Table of tutorials

> ### Quickstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quick Start
```

Reviewer: Actually, instead of quick start, we should rename this to "Content Filtering" or "Guardrails" as we'll have more tutorials for Llama Guard soon.

> - [Using Llama Guard](/tutorials/llama-guard-safe-chatbot): Use llamaguard to help prevent abuse and engagement with inappropriate content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Content Filtering with Llama Guard](/tutorials/llama-guard-safe-chatbot): Learn how to use Llama Guard to help prevent abuse and engagement with inappropriate content.
```

> ### Function calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tool Use (Function Calling)
```

> - [eCommerce Function Calling](/tutorials/function-calling-101-ecommerce): Use function calling with AI to create orders and get prices on products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [eCommerce Function Calling](/tutorials/function-calling-101-ecommerce): Learn how to use function calling with LLMs powered by Groq to create orders and get prices on products.
```

- [SQL Function Calling](/tutorials/function-calling-sql): Use function calling with AI to run SQL queries.
- [Stock Market Function Calling](/tutorials/llama3-stock-market-function-calling): Use function calling with AI to parse stock market data.
- [Parallel Tool Use](/tutorials/parallel-tool-use): Use function calling with AI to use multiple tools at the same time.

> ### Rag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
```

> - [Benchmarking Rag Langchain](tutorials/benchmarking-rag-langchain): Benchmark a RAG pipeline with Llama3 and LangChain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Benchmarking RAG with Langchain](tutorials/benchmarking-rag-langchain): Learn how to benchmark a RAG pipeline with Llama3 and LangChain.
```

> - [Presidential Speeches Rag](/tutorials/presidential-speeches-rag): Use RAG to find relevant presidential speeches from input text.

Reviewer: Fix all "Rag" to "RAG"

- [Whisper and Rag](/tutorials/whisper-podcast-rag): Use Whisper and RAG to semantically search through podcast audio.

### JSON Mode
- [JSON Mode with Health Data](/tutorials/json-mode-social-determinants-of-health): Use JSON mode to generate structured health analytics from raw data.

> - [Structured Output Generator](/tutorials/structured-output-instructor): Use JSON mode to create structured output with tools and objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Structured Output Generator](/tutorials/structured-output-instructor): Learn how to use the Instructor library to create structured output with tools and objects. Special thanks to our GroqChamp, @S4mpl3r, for contributing!
```

### Multimodal
- [Multimodal Image Processing](/tutorials/multimodal-image-processing): Process and analyze images using a leading vision model.

### Integrations
- [Gradio with Groq](/tutorials/groq-gradio): Build a Gradio app powered by Groq.
- [Gradio with Groq](/tutorials/groq_streamlit_demo): Build a chat app in Streamlit powered by Groq. 
- [Portkey with Groq](/tutorials/Portkey-with-Groq): Integrate Portkey for AI observability into Groq usage.
- [Composio with Groq](/tutorials/composio-newsletter-summarizer-agent): Integrate Composio with Groq for pre-defined actions for applications like Gmail, Slack, and GitHub.
- [CrewAI with Groq](/tutorials/crewai-mixture-of-agents): Build a mixture of agents application with CrewAI.
- [E2B with Groq](/tutorials/e2b-code-interpreting): Build code execution with the Code Interpreter SDK by E2B.

> - [JigsawStack with Groq](/tutorials/jigsawstack-prompt-engine): Automate tasks like web scraping, OCR, and translation through a JigsawStack integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JigsawStack with Groq](/tutorials/jigsawstack-prompt-engine): Learn how to automate your workflow and choose the best LLM for your prompts using JigsawStack's Prompt Engine powered by Groq. 
```
